{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 CenturyGothic;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14200\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs96 \cf0 USEC TODO
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f0\fs48 \ul Reviewer 1
\f1\fs24 \ulnone : \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}
\b Add related work
\b0 : Yang et.al's user acceptance of wearable devices study\
{\listtext	2.	}
\b Add related work
\b0 : Slovic's work of perception of risk\
{\listtext	3.	}
\b Expand on related work
\b0 : discuss that previous user perceptions studies found this\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f0\fs48 \ul Reviewer 2
\f1\fs24 \ulnone : \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}
\b Change the title(!)
\b0 : make title about acceptance or disclosure rather than risk. \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	2.	}Make a distinction
\b0 : separate information disclosure risks and risks from the wearable (such as physical harm), rather than using them interchangeably. \
{\listtext	3.	}
\b Make it explicit
\b0 : since we ask how users would 
\i feel
\i0  that information has been shared with 
\i someone
\i0 , we are assuming that the risk is the negative emotional consequences, or any damage in relationship and reputation. \
{\listtext	4.	}
\b Clarify in results
\b0 : if the 5 risk categories are mutually exclusive in grouping or of one risk can be in multiple groups. Show a mapping of the data types to categories, although if we don't have room, talk more about how we categorized it. \
{\listtext	5.	}
\b Disagreement
\b0 : we didn't include age and gender in the medical information category.\
{\listtext	6.	}
\b Discussion
\b0 : where does the risk lie--in the technology that leads to disclosure, disclosure itself?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f0\fs48 \ul Reviewer 3
\f1\fs24 \ulnone : \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}
\b Clarify/change terminology/change title(?)
\b0 : we explore elements of disclosure of underpinning risks, or the acceptance of information disclosure, rather than the risks themselves. \
{\listtext	2.	}
\b Expand Section 2.1
\b0 : how the 72 scenarios were deemed to be complete, and what conditions a scenario met to be included. \
{\listtext	3.	}Add to discussion: It would have been interesting to have questions with "worst case framing" of questions: "...but asked you first?" this would add in the element of negotiation with participants, different disclosures for different recipients, etc. \
{\listtext	4.	}
\b Clean Section 3
\b0 : sometimes, hypotheses are sprinkled in the results, which are distracting--reviewer mentions hypothesis about biometrics. clean these up. \
{\listtext	5.	}
\b Discussion
\b0 : discussion of wearables owners vs. non-wearables owners (but say we didn't ask which wearable they had, and etc.), talk of user-centered design, emphasis on how users may change behaviors if benefits are presented with the service. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Reviewer 4
\f1\fs24 \ulnone : \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}
\b Add to discussion
\b0 : how this is not including bystanders, and the changes in perceptions if the person was a bystander\
{\listtext	2.	}
\b Add related work
\b0 : Work on bystanders (In Situ with Bystanders, for instance). \
}